Curio documentation (#714)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/curio/config.md

---
title: "Config"
description: "This guide provides detailed information about Curio configuration"
date: 2024-03-22T19:32:32+04:00
lastmod: 2024-03-22T19:32:32+04:00
draft: false
menu:
  storage-providers:
    parent: "curio"
weight: 135
---

The configuration for Curio is stored in the HarmonyDB in a table called `harmony_config`.
When a Curio node is started, one or more layer names are supplied to get the desired configuration for the node.

## Configuration Layers
Configuration layers provide a set of configuration parameters that determine how a system will operate.
These layers can be defined at different levels, meaning that higher layer can override the lower layer, and the system will behave based on the final stacked output.

Configuration layers can be arranged in a hierarchy, often from `base`(most general) to most specific.
The `base` layer defines default configuration values.
More specific layers override these defaults with more targeted configurations.

> For example, in a simple three-layer configuration system, layers could be organized in the following order:
> Base Layer - This is the most general layer. It normally provides default settings.
> Miner Layer - This layer overrides the miner ID from emtpy to a `M1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a simple two-layer configuration system, layers could be organized in the following order:
Base Layer - This is the most general layer. It is always included, so add any modifications to defaults here. If you include all your miner IDs here (defined in the addresses section) all hardware will be used for all miner needs. 
```

> Task Layer - This layer enables SDR tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task Layer - This layer enables SDR tasks. Consider the included layers (below). 

Example Use of Layers:  (`base` is always included)
`curio run --layers=post`
```

> If a Curio node is started with above 3 layers then it will perform SDR tasks for Miner ID `M1` and will use default values of any other configuration parameter.

Reviewer: If you define miner IDs in layers instead of `base`, then only the machines running those layers will operate on those miner IDs.
